{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21620\viewh11380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
My name is Reza TAGHIZADEH. I am 31 years old.I received a Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering from Azad University, Science and Research Branch, University and a Master's degree in Computer Software Engineering from Azad University of Technology. I\'92ve been always interested in ways to be updated in general knowledge and also in my expertise in IT industry.So I always try to learn new things and be curious in many diversified category and aspects such as Programming,Decision Making,Software Development, Mobile Development and etc. But my main expertise is programming and especially Web Programming. Also I think the content in online courses are always better and more usefull than those in regullar universities. Unfortunately I'm unemployed because of economical crisis in my country at this time and consequently I don't have any regular funding to afford the subscription price Plus I have a plan to find new opportunities in another country and i think if I get a Coursera certificate,it is very valuable and usefull for finding new opportunity in another country.\
\
As I said above,my main Job focus was programming and Android Programming in last 10 years and I worked in 4 different IT companies. I've been always following my passion. It\'92s been a while that I\'92m getting familiar with Programming. In my opinion it\'92s going to be main Job opportunities in next years . Now my passion is aiming toward Programming and building a solid skill in web development. In fact, I believe that anything that I\'92ve learnt so far\
builds a solid foundation needed to be a good programmer and this fact motivates me a lot to be dedicated in Programming and Android Development.\
The material in this specialization surprised me since it includes anything that I\'92ve planned to learn plus some other material that are extremely useful and I was not aware of before. Regarding the importance of these courses to me, I would be more than happy to get accepted for the financial aid.}